even earthworms want to see the sky what do you think about earthworms want
see the sky sometimes sometimes they crawl out onto the grass sometimes they climb the very
top of a dirty puddle do you think they want to see the sun the moon and the clouds
as we do not know but birds looking down do you think they want to see
the underworld like earthworms they see the same sky every day
maybe sometimes they imagine another world down there where the earthworms are
they fly they sit on street lamps and look down imagining the world up
upside down in it earthworms on a small
a lamppost looking up as the birds fly over
by the lake do you think they want to see the underwater world like fish like you
you think imagine and they are another sun and a dear moon there
under water for all the fish in the sky, they see the sun, the moon and the clouds and imagine that
fish have their own world with their own sun at the bottom of the lake when
fish rise to the surface that they think they see some kind of algae or
an octopus swimming nearby and in the sky above them another ocean upside down
yes I suppose it is so earthworms want to see the sky birds want
see the underworld and fish want to see another ocean in the clouds but how
about pigs and cows what do you mean i think cows
want to see the sky but all their lives they live inside millions of cows live on
factories making milk and never see the sky i think pigs want to see too
heaven but millions of them living their whole lives inside in factories in
waiting for death when they look up they see only a metal roof and
looking down all they see is the concrete floor maybe they are imagining the world
outside that the sky is there of metal and that forests and fields are made of concrete and steel but
because even earthworms want to see the sky